Hi everybody, I am Anotchka Faria. I would like to talk
about my weight loss journey with you all.
Well, there was a time I used to try different diets, go
for walks, go to the park or something and always make up
my mind that I need to lose weight.
Like it's high time I need to do something about myself.
I started my journey from a 3 digit figure, 114 kgs to what
you see me as of now, 75 kgs.
Yes, 40 kgs, a whooping 40 kgs. It took me 2 years to lose
that weight.
Once upon a time, my sister just passed by through
Chinchinim and she just saw a board out there,
ABS Fitness Zone Gym and she was like, okay, let's give it
a try.
She came home and she discussed with me, should I enroll
you to that gym?
And I, as usual, always negative. I don't think so it's
going to work out.
That was the first thing I said. A gym in a village area, I
don't think so it's really going to work out.
It's just the cities that could give you that result. Well,
I was totally wrong.
Totally wrong and Prisco really proved it that he could do
it.
From plaid and fat towards what you see me now, sleek and
trim to those curves that I really dreamt of.
It's so thrilling that I have achieved what I wanted and I
still want to get better and better day by day.
Prisco is a man of a kind. I can vouch for Prisco, ABS
Fitness Zone Gym.
If you are enrolling yourself in this gym, you are
definitely going to get results.
Stick to what he says and trust in him blindly. You will
get what you want. You will get those results.
Prisco designs workouts for different people as per your
fitness level.
He studies someone and that's how he designs his workouts.
He's just too good to be true.
That's all I have to say about him. Thank you. Thank you,
Prisco. Thank you once again.